INFORMATION FOR PACKAGERS

= Location =
The FFGo release package can be extracted anywhere and the program can be run
from that location without having to move files around. For example, FFGo can
be installed to a specific user's home directory, and that user will be able
to run it right away, provided that the needed dependencies are installed.

Note: the following advice is more suited to private system-wide installations
      on Unix-like systems than to distribution packages or non-Unix systems.

For system-wide installations of FFGo, the main 'ffgo-x.y.z' directory may be
copied, with its entire contents, to '/opt/ffgo' or similar. Then, you may
create a symlink to the application executable in a directory listed in the
PATH environment variable.

= Documentation =
The program's documentation is stored in the top-level 'docs' directory and
can be either symlinked from '/usr/share/doc/ffgo' or copied there.

= Icons =
Icons are stored in 'share/icons' and can be either symlinked from or copied
to the proper directories in '/usr/share/icons'.

= Desktop =
A desktop file, 'ffgo.desktop', is available in the top-level 'share'
directory. It creates a menu entry for FFGo and simplifies the creation of
application launchers. It can be either symlinked from or copied to
'/usr/share/applications' and expects the FFGo executable to be available
through $PATH, as well as icons to be in the right place.

= Presets =
The default FFGo settings are quite minimal and the user is required to
perform a few minor tasks, such as setting the needed paths for FlightGear
data, aircrafts, scenery, etc. as well as for the 'fgfs' executable. However,
a 'presets' file is available in 'data/config', which can be used to specify
settings that the packager wants to be enabled by default. For example, in a
system-wide installation this will allow every user to run FFGo without having
to bother with its basic setup; other FFGo and FlightGear options can also be
specified in that file. The 'presets' file is well commented and will be used
by FFGo every time the '$USER_DATA_DIR/config' file cannot be found (where
'$USER_DATA_DIR' is '~/.ffgo' on Unix, '%APPDATA%/FFGo on Windows). For
instance, this is the case when FFGo is run by the user for the first time.
